README.md, before:

<!-- https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet -->

Gerber Playground
=================
This is where I host all my gerber files that are non-project related. Most are trials, some are personal mini projects, others eventually make it to become its own larger project which are then moved into its own repository never to be seen here ever again.

>The Gerber format is an open 2D bi-level vector image file format. It is the de facto standard used by printed circuit board (PCB) industry software to describe the printed circuit board images: copper layers, solder mask, legend, drill holes, etc.

### Folder Structure

| Folder Name        | Description           |
| ------------- |:--------------------:| 
| DESIGN RULES     | For designing PCBs in Eagle. This is a list of rules that I have forged over the years | 
| PROJECTS     | Where you will find my gerber files| 
| SCRIPTS     | Scripts I created/and use for automating tasks | 
| USER LIBRARY     | Collection of libraries I created/and use | 
| CAM    | Collection of CAM files for converting brd files to gerber | 


### Learning/Referance material
* https://www.sparkfun.com/tutorials/108
* https://www.sparkfun.com/tutorials/115
* http://www.jeremyblum.com/?s=Eagle+cad
* http://www.build-electronic-circuits.com/eagle-scripts/

### Recomended Downloads
* http://www.cadsoftusa.com/download-eagle/?language=en

Commit message:

updated read me
changed gerber to EagleCAD

README.md, after:

<!-- https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet -->

EagleCAD Playground
=================
This is where I host all my EagleCAD files that are non-project related. Most are trials, some are personal mini projects, others eventually make it to become its own larger project which are then moved into its own repository never to be seen here ever again.

Inline-style: 
![EagleCAD logo](http://dangerousprototypes.com/wp-content/media/2012/01/cs-logo21.jpg "Logo")

>EAGLE (for: Easily Applicable Graphical Layout Editor, German: Einfach anzuwendender grafischer Layout-Editor) by CadSoft Computer is a flexible, expandable and scriptable EDA application with schematic capture editor, PCB layout editor, auto-router and CAM and BOM tools developed by CadSoft Computer GmbH, Germany, since 1988.

[CNC Jobs](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/d38r4gpvw2gcx58/AAAy57JtkxvIMt3Gzy3qRX3Ka) are stored in Dropbox to simplify syncing files between my CNC Milling work-station and Design work-station.

### Folder Structure

| Folder Name        | Description           |
| ------------- |:--------------------:| 
| DESIGN RULES     | For designing PCBs in Eagle. This is a list of rules that I have forged over the years | 
| PROJECTS     | Where you will find my gerber files| 
| SCRIPTS     | Scripts I created/and use for automating tasks | 
| USER LIBRARY     | Collection of libraries I created/and use | 
| CAM    | Collection of CAM files for converting brd files to gerber | 


### Learning/Referance material
* https://www.sparkfun.com/tutorials/108
* https://www.sparkfun.com/tutorials/115
* http://www.jeremyblum.com/?s=Eagle+cad
* http://www.build-electronic-circuits.com/eagle-scripts/
* http://www.cadsoftusa.com/training/tutorials/?language=en

### Recomended Downloads
* http://www.cadsoftusa.com/download-eagle/?language=en
